adult
In addition to paying tribute to your father today
Whose is the other grave?
That's Lin Yuanzhou of Commander Lin and his wife
It is to be called peerless double pride with your father
The former army commander
Well, my father used to be a samurai back then
Appreciated by Mr. Lin
To emerge
Although
We were both wiped out
But
I am still very grateful to Commander Lin and his family
Hua Qiyue, why are you here?
My father is buried here
My parents are also buried in White River Mountain
Your parents, Miss Hua
In a few days, it will be the centennial celebration of Longxia
You go with Mr. Lin
But aren't I going to guard Hu Province?
I'll take care of you for a while
Then thank you, Mr. Integrity
Farewell
OK
What's going on over there?
You can take a look. Yes.
Get out of the way for Ben
Buried here are the heroes of our dragon
Even if I throw out my old bones today
Never get out of the way
Hum hum hum
old thing
Remember this?
Those are my child's ashes, hahaha.
My child.
Ah, this is the end of stopping this young master